Source transcript: "The best Cold Call you've ever seen (178k/month ai agency)" by Connor Cahill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7eJfXmaCjc
Auto-captions pulled via yt-dlp on 2026-07-05, cleaned from VTT. Verbatim within ASR accuracy.

Hello. Hey, is this Bruce?
This is. Hey Bruce, you uh you have a
roofing company in Austin, Texas, yeah?
I do. Sweet. Uh my name's Connor, Connor
Cahill. You uh you want the good news or
the bad news?
Bad news,
and attend it. Yeah, yeah. So, I called
your roofing company three times
yesterday and didn't get anyone on the
phone once.
Sure about that? Yes, very very very
sure about that.
You can check the call logs.
Okay. Who are you calling for? Well,
that's not the bad news. The the bad
news is that if that happens every day
and you're missing even just three calls
per day, that's 90 calls per month and
if 30% of the people who call your
business would actually become a client
of yours
and assuming your average sale price is
$1,000, which is obviously extremely
conservative for selling a roof, you're
missing out on almost $30,000 a month in
revenue. That's that's the bad news.
I I mean I I suppose. I mean, you know,
we have uh
a pretty full full crew uh operating
near capacity. So, are you not looking
to scale or take on more clients?
You know, I have it pretty good here uh
to be honest with you.
love my life. I get to work, built a
good business, and make some money.
But, yeah. I guess uh you know, scale's
always great, but
it's not top priority for me at this
point. Yeah, yeah. That's completely
fair, but uh everyone likes more money.
That's why we're in business in the
first place, right? Money equals
freedom. We all know that. And I get it,
maybe you don't want more jobs, but if
you had more jobs to choose from, would
you not be able to charge more?
You uh
Yes, I I suppose I suppose. Um
I didn't think about it, but yeah.
So, what if we brought you an extra 20
jobs per month through just increasing
call volume and calls that were were are
now currently being missed,
um you'd be able to pick and choose from
more jobs and pick the jobs that are
higher profit and and better for you and
your team. Is is that not something that
you would want?
That that would hypothetically be true.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What's the what's the deal? What
are you what are you getting at? What
are you what are you trying to pitch me?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, that is the bad
news. The bad news is there's money
that's being left on the table. Um but
the good news is I'll come into your
business, I'll install an AI
receptionist, something you don't
currently have, something that will take
calls every time you are not there to
take the call or you're out of
commission or you're at lunch or it's
5:00 p.m., you turned off your work
phone, and
they're just going to voicemail. So,
it's going to recapture all the calls.
It's not going to steal the calls that
you would be picking up cuz I'm sure you
still want to pick this up. But the
calls that you're missing, it's going to
capture all of that. And then it's
either going to warm them up, get them
to book some sort of quote with you, get
their information, and then you know,
send you an internal message to call
them back or it'll schedule an
appointment with you and the prospect.
Um and what that is going to do is
obviously that's going to increase, you
know, appointments, increase potential
clients, customers, and overall revenue
for your business.
Um and the beautiful thing is what my
company does is
we will
take a look at the last 12 months of of
your business, your revenue, and whatnot
and see where you're at. And then we
will work for you completely free for 30
days. And then 30 days from now, we will
reassess and we'll see how much extra
revenue you brought in because of us
being that new variable in your
business. And then we'll take a very
very very very very very minuscule
percentage of that.
And and and if if the results are
positive, then we can talk again in 30
days and have some sort of um
some longer-term retainer and uh
partnership together. And if we don't,
then we part ways and you tried
something that could be super beneficial
to your business and uh you didn't
really lose anything.
I mean, I have one of my guys right now
that handles all the inbounds. Um
are you telling me he's not doing his
job that well? Uh essentially, yes. And
you can look at the call logs, assuming
you have a CRM set up. I I did call your
business three times yesterday. I got no
one on the phone.
And like if you extrapolate that out,
right? Obviously, that can become a
quite exponential factor after
um 365 days of that.
Yeah, yeah.
Would this
would this eliminate the need to have
my guy handling inbounds? Yes, yes. It
it it it could it could eliminate that
and we would set things up. So, we
wouldn't just plug in an AI
receptionist, we'll set up so much more
than that to automate all those things.
And yes, it could replace him, but I'll
be honest with you, you know, we work
with people every day and uh some people
just don't want to replace the
receptionist, right? They don't or the
person taking their calls. They still
want that human touch, which is
completely fair, but they want to
implement something as like that that
net to recapture anything um that falls
through the imperfections of what humans
are only capable of. Um and that still
brings in a ton revenue. And then some
people will be like, depending on the
business, yeah, I I don't I don't see
the need to have a
3 $4,000 per month salary that I'm
paying out when I have this. And that's
completely fair as well. And that's, you
know, obviously we like that more
because that right off the bat, we're
now saving you 3 $4,000 a month, right?
30 40 grand a year. Um that makes our
services seem more valuable. But we want
to do what's ever best for you.
Right, right. I mean, I've I've I've had
I've had similar pitches before.
I think for me, it just doesn't feel
right to have a robot picking up the
phone when I have a customer calling.
And we pride ourselves on a personal
touch.
Um
It goes in line with the work that we
do, right? Like
you know, we we pride ourselves in the
quality of work that we do on roofs in
Austin here and and have a great
reputation. And I fear that um
you know, having a robot pick up the
call at first point of contact
diminishes that reputation. Um so, we
shut down a lot of these conversations
just to be frank with you. Mhm. I
totally agree with that to be honest,
you know. I hate AI. I don't like it,
but it's where the world is going. And I
agree with you, if I was in your shoes
and I ran a business that was
service-based, I would I would still
have someone who's taking the phone
calls. But what I would definitely do is
have some sort of AI system set up to
recapture all the leads that fall
through the cracks. Um cuz that would
just be dumb not to, right? Like if if
if someone's going to call you and
you're not going to answer the phone,
why not have a safety net there that
recaptures that lead, reengages them,
and then lets them know, "Hey, like
we'll call you as soon as possible." or
we'll set up a quick appointment with
you to recapture that lead, right?
Because you you're a roofer. You
probably pride yourself in your work.
You probably think you're one of the
best roofers in in Texas and you should.
And if you're one of the best roofers in
Texas, then you have a moral obligation
to be serving these people the best
roofs that they can get cuz you don't
want them going somewhere else and
getting a bad roof that starts leaking
in a few months, yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah. Right? And and in order for you to
fulfill that, you need to be serving
these people. And it's not fair for them
to call your business [clears throat]
at be 6:00 p.m. or your guy be on
another call and then they have to go to
one of their competitors and have a bad
experience. You want to give them a good
experience. And you want to make more
revenue for your business so you can pay
all your employees more and and
everything that comes with that.
Fair point. Fair point.
&gt;&gt; Like what's the loss?
You know, what what what's the loss with
setting that up?
&gt;&gt; the reengagement what does the
reengagement look like?
It it Is it a text? Is it a text? Is it
a call? You know, is there a robot
leading that call?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so we we do a lot. Great question.
We Yeah, so it's a it's a very
well-sounding voice agent that talks to
it, gives it as much information as
possible, and then most importantly, it
reschedule something. So, like with your
caller, what we do is we'd set him up
with a calendar, the guy who's answering
phones, and we would have it set up so
that AI receptionist, that voice agent,
can book a 15-minute call on that call.
So, it'll get the lead's information, be
like, "Hey, you know, we're super busy.
Um you know, we have a guy who typically
takes these calls." Like we'll make it
sound super cool and personable. And
then it'll get that person booked on a
15-minute call. What that does is,
"Okay, cool. I have I have a you know, I
have a call booked with, you know, XYZ
with with your roofing company and you
know, I I don't feel the need to go call
another roofer now cuz I have a call
scheduled in 2 hours." And then your guy
will get an internal notification, "Hey,
call this number
at you know, 3:15 p.m." Right? And that
just and that right there, that
reengages the lead, right? It's like,
"Okay, I don't need to go somewhere
else. This is cool. We're good." But
then what we do is we set up
um workflow automations. So, right when
the call ends with the AI,
in between that time when it the the the
call ends with the AI and your guy would
call that person back, we're sending
them information. So, we're sending them
texts and emails over that, you know,
2-hour period or 24-hour period or
sometimes 3-day period. And we're
keeping the lead we're keeping the lead
engaged by showing them some
testimonials. Sometimes we'll record a
video of you, you talking about your
business and your passion about it or
you know, we'll have you record it. Um
to be frank, I'm not in Austin, Texas,
but you'll record that and then we'll
send that to them. And then they get to
watch a video like a roof is a big deal.
Anytime someone spends tens of thousands
of dollars, like that's a big deal. And
for them to be able to see a video from
the owner, resonate with them, be like,
"Wow, like this guy seems down-to-earth,
authentic. This is the guy I want to
work with. This is the guy I want to
put, you know, the roof over my heads
um my the roof over my head, you know,
you know, the hands into it, right? What
it whatever I'm trying to say." And and
it just makes them feel very comfortable
with you. So, not only are we are we
like, sure, we're recapturing that lead,
but then we're warming them up for that
call. We're warming them up for the
sale. We're not just trying to recapture
the lead and bring in more leads into
the your business, we're trying to
recapture more leads and then with the
leads that we're bringing in, make them
easier sales, better sales and
sometimes, you know, can lead to just
charging them more money and doing more
for them, essentially.
I I want to
Uh I'm curious. I want to see I want to
see an example of this this receptionist
um
you know, talking live. I think that's I
said that's the biggest concern for me.
I I I'd like to see that
in action
um in order to get comfortable with
something like this. But
to me that to me that that's that's
interesting enough. I'd be curious to
see that. Okay, so here's what we'll do.
Uh we can book a call maybe in like 2 3
hours and it'll be a quick like Zoom
meeting. In those 2 hours, I'll take
your current website and I'll put it
through my AI. I'll scan everything
about it um so that that AI voice agent
will know everything about your
business. I'll do a little bit of
structuring itself, you know, I'll I'll
do some configuring. And then uh we can
hop on a call. You can demo the AI. We
can call it together, yada yada yada and
if you like it,
could you tell me like if you are
interested in in implementing this for
at least, you know, 30 days, right? Um
cuz I don't want to go spend 2 hours of
my time building this out if you just
really just want to like, you know,
trick your curiosity by seeing it. But
if you tell me like if you did like it
and you like the idea, yeah. Can we do
I I'd I'd be curious to get my partner
in this just to have him take a look
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, definitely. through his eyes
and sort of make decisions by committee
here. Um
Can you do tomorrow morning? Sometime
sort of first thing. We've got jobs all
day, but if you can do first thing Yeah,
yeah, I'm an hour ahead of you. So, if
you can
um
if you can do
&gt;&gt; you do a
Could you do a 7:00 a.m. 7:00 o'clock
&gt;&gt; Yes, yes, 7:00 a.m. 7:00 a.m. 7:00 a.m.
Yeah, 7:00 a.m. Central time. Awesome.
Um Yeah. Great.
&gt;&gt; And we keep it keep it 15 minutes or so
um and I can get him involved,
[clears throat] but send me an email.
So, you have my you have my cell here.
Shoot me a text um with any any details
there.
Yep.
I'll do I'll do that. I'll set some
things up. We'll jump on tomorrow and
then
um we can move forward with something.
It's just a small contract that sort of
states like if we do provide XYZ results
over the next 30 days that, you know,
you will you will pay XYZ and, you know,
then we can have a conversation about um
working together in the long term.
Assuming everything goes well over the
next 30 days, which I don't see why it
won't.
All right. All right. I don't want to uh
I don't want to jump the gun on the
pricing and everything. Yeah, I know.
Just yeah, that yeah, we're I want to
see it um and and not not commit to
anything by any means, but Yeah, of
course.
definitely open to to checking it out.
Um
And we'll take it from there. Sounds
good.
All right, Bruce. Thanks for the call. I
appreciate it and uh yeah, enjoy the
rest of your day. I look forward to
speaking with you in the morning.
All right, thank you. What What did you
say your name was again? Uh Connor.
Connor. Yep. Connor Cahill.
&gt;&gt; should I call you Connor? Yep. All
right, man. I'll talk to you in the AM.
Talk soon. See you later. Yep, talk
soon. Bye.
So, first off, I re-engaged the I I I
engaged the lead by saying,
"Want to hear the good news or bad
news?" Who's going to hang up? Like,
come on. If you get a phone call,
would you want to hear the good news or
the bad news? Like, come on. You you're
It just opens up so much curiosity and
and curiosity opens up rapport. So, I
got like I just spent 15 minutes on the
phone with him. I have not called that
many people today. Like, I haven't
called that many people. I maybe called
10 people before him. No an- like no
answer, no answer, no answer, no answer
and then I did get like two answers,
weren't interested, boom, good lead. So,
you just have to cold call 100 people a
day and you're going to have
conversations like that. I could cold
call for 2 hours and every single time I
book. Every single time I book at least
three to five appointments. I'm cold
calling for like an hour or maybe maybe
2 hours. If I cold call for 2 hours, I'm
booking three to five appointments. So,
I I engaged the lead by saying, "You
want to hear the good news or bad news?"
They always say the bad news. Every
single time. The bad news creates the
pain. Now, this guy was, you know, he
was a tough cookie. Like, I had to
certainly dip him in milk. He wasn't
easy, but
um
but that's how it's going to be. Um but
I got him curious. I separated myself
from the competition clearly because he
shuts these things down most of the
time. He just spent 15 minutes on the
call with me. Um so, the bad news, you
say you want to hear the good news or
bad news. The bad news creates the pain
for the guy and then the good news is
solving that pain, right? Bad news is,
you know, you're missing three calls per
day, right? At least cuz I called you.
You you clearly have a gap in the way
you're answering calls and you have
missed revenue there. And [snorts] then
it's like, "Okay. Oh, that's actually
not the bad news. The bad news is if you
extrapolate that over a 30-day period,
you're missing at least $30,000 a month
in potential revenue, right? The good
news is I can fix that and here's how."
So, that's how I cold call. You can come
up with your own little method, but
throwing in something witty and fun in
the beginning,
golden every single time. It's always
golden. Like, it's always golden. So, um
that's how I like to do my cold calls.
Keep it light, keep it chill, act like a
real human being. I don't use a script.
I always rem- I remember like the first
30 seconds of every call and then I just
go completely a cappella. I I hate
scripts. Um
so, that's what I do and cold calling is
the best way to just consistently get
leads if you don't have money to spend
on ads.
Um but I hope you learned something from
that. Be knowledgeable about it, right?
Like, you can't you can't
if someone asks you a question and you
don't know it, you're screwed, right?
You have to be fluent. You have to have
such good product knowledge where you
can be in flow state. The second you
have to start thinking about what you're
saying, you're screwed. You're you're
going to be out of the present when
you're out of the present, you're not
going to build that sincerity and
rapport with the person. But um I hope
you enjoyed this video and maybe I'll
post some of my bloopers, but like
why, right? It's not where I messed up.
It's just the people are like, "Yeah,
I'm not interested." and then hang up.
It's like, do you need to see that?
Like, why why do you need to see that,
right? I called another people before
this lead and they just hung up on me.
Like, I'm not perfect, right? Did I make
mistakes in some? Probably, yeah, I
probably made some mistakes while
filming. Sure. Sure, like, whatever. Why
do you need to see the mistakes? You
should see what I did good and the lead
that actually get on the phone. I will
be honest with you. I have not been
calling for more than 20 minutes before
I talked to that lead. I'm going to send
him over a a meeting link right now.
He's a very sincere guy and I'll get on
with him and his partner tomorrow and
it'll be an easy close. And like, I can
get I I believe in my product enough and
my ability to execute that I don't even
have to charge for 30 days anymore. I
used to always charge when I needed the
money. I don't need the money anymore.
My life is good. So, I can I can take on
that risk of spent, you know, working
with them for 30 days and cool. I'll
like
it increases the amount of leads that I
get by like
300 400% cuz who's going to say no to
that? And then on top of that, on top of
that, it's like
what what do I have to lose? I got all
the money to lose. It's like, "Okay, I
lost like 2 hours of one of my employees
working." Like, whoop-de-do. For a
client that could pay me one $2,000 a
month.
100% every day of the week. So, yeah, I
hope you enjoyed something in this
video. I hope you learned something and
uh yeah, cold calling is forever goated
if you um
you know, are not a little wuss and
afraid to pick up the call. Afraid to
pick up the phone. Anyways,
hope you enjoyed the video. This is cold
calling for my AI receptions agency. I
will see you on the next one. Cheers.
